severe floods in Brazil have killed at
least 35 people and forced over 35,000
to abandon their homes since late
December heavy rains have been battering
the country for weeks at a state of
emergency has been declared in some 60
towns a powerful storm in the state of
some Powell left hundreds of houses
submerged in muddy water and it's the
worst flooding in 28 years and more rain
is forecast in the region in the coming
days authorities in northern Italy say
more than a thousand turtle does have
dropped dead over the past five days
it's the latest in a series of
unexplained sudden death incidents
affecting creatures in the sky and out
of water the events have sparked the
media frenzy with doomsday speculator
saying it hails the end of the world but
is there really something fishy going on
or is it being overhyped artists Katrina
zauber reports sing a song of suspense
one where the end is nigh as thousands
of blackbirds fell out of the sky and
when the birds were found the news began
to sing the end of days conspiracy does
have a cat cheering at first it was just
Arkansas grabbing the world's attention
then who is he Anna followed suit and
Europe ruffled some feathers with
mysterious avian deaths in Sweden
experts attempted to calm the public by
suggesting the birds got scared of
fireworks or flew into trees and cars
because of bad weather all we know is
that fireworks or weather could not
cause 5,000 blackbirds to have liquefied
insides that's what the fish and
wildlife veterinarian said they've never
seen anything like it now we're seeing
the same pulverization of the insides of
blackbirds they are dead when they hit
the ground they are dying in the night
while they're roosting in trees but then
a hundred thousand dead fish joined up
on us shores and that seemed to have
opened the floodgates I think the media
is by and large not blowing it out of
proportion they're actually under
estimating how serious it is so I
believe we have multiple causes but
basically they all mean that the entire
plan
I was an uproar that we have a toxic
release of gases the changes in the
oceanic currents that now means the
entire wall current system is no
disrupted for those not very impressed
with a scientific explanation there's
always the religious one fanatical
bloggers have once again started
flooding the worldwide web with
end-of-days posts and the international
media stormed for news during the slow
post-christmas month of january is
having a field day and you are asked to
call sooner rather than later now we did
contact state agricultural officials so
far you could not even get down the road
without running over hundreds it was
that bad with more and more mysterious
deaths around the world fish in Brazil
Australia and New Zealand crabs in the
UK the frenzy is growing and the
headlines screamed oquawka lips these
fishies stories look set to continue
stealing the media spotlight at least
until scientists have had a chance to
examine the dead animals or you know the
world comes to an end whichever of
course happens first catriona's arva RT
moscow and filmmaker and blogger Danny
Schechter says media sensationalism is
taking the focus away from finding the
real scientific causes behind the bird
and fish deaths when one set of
incidents happens followed by another
set followed by a third set suddenly it
becomes a trend and it becomes a much
bigger story in the media but it's still
sort of a mystery it may be that each
example is actually specific to a
particular local set of circumstances we
just don't know they're calling it a
flock ellipse you know flock of birds
coming up with new catchy words new
headlines and the like obviously it's
it's something that intrigues audiences
even if there isn't a lot of explanation
it seems to be a pattern of this sort of
thing where you have alarmist headlines
followed by a few examples which then
you know lead to sober conclusions about
the dramatic
and then there's no follow-up for so you
know if we really never find out what
really happened and this is the in
attention of the media maybe even the
amnesia of the media a refusal to speak
to the people who are most in to know
because all of this is sort of
titillation for the public and yet it
could be a very serious
you